[Music]
have you ever wanted to watch a bad acid
trip with the budget of a film school
final project well look no further
because we found the film for you ink is
about a mysterious creature known as
pink funnily enough it steals children's
souls hoping to use it as a bargaining
chip to join a group of supernatural
beings that make nightmares because who
wouldn't want to be a part of that while
i may give you my opinion on the film
here that's no substitute for
experiencing it yourself links to the
movie are in the description as well inc
opens up with jon walking down to his
car while carrying a box one can only
assume that he's being fired
this also explains why he screams
obscenities into the void right before
he gets t-boned by a crossover suv and
in real life that would have been enough
to get the credits rolling but we can
already tell we're in for one of those
films so get ready to be entertained
jon's ears begin to ring and a weird
hand reaches out to touch jon's head
once it makes contact jon's face seems
to glitch right before our eyes before
the screen goes white and he wakes up in
his bed then the world's most annoying
child grabs his nose until he
reluctantly wakes up there she
interrogates her father it's no wonder
that this child is involved in a movie
about making nightmares jon continues to
tell his daughter that he isn't the one
to play with her he puts it off onto his
wife even after he makes his way all the
way to her outside play area he still is
just telling this girl that he doesn't
play like that maybe his lack of
imagination is why he got fired
i just don't do this
come on okay me
but right before the little girl loses
hope in her dad he musters up what
little bit of energy he has and
unleashes it on the imaginary monsters
that the little girl is trying to fight
if anyone charged me screaming and
flailing like that i'd probably assume
they were just crazy and for some reason
the movie thought this was a good spot
to put the title screen following it up
with an edgy montage shot of the city
that reminds you of the early 2000s
crime shows the way the camera jumps
around it should come with an epilepsy
warning in the beginning with a couple
flickers of light an entity appears in
the middle of their street in the middle
of the night suddenly five more flickers
occur and five more people appear so far
no big deal but then these creepy people
start walking on the roof like a cat and
breaking into houses you mean to tell me
no one in this nice neighborhood has an
alarm system or even a dog it turns out
that these beings are the ones that
control dreams but when they come to the
little girl she's still awake aloe
visits her room and sits there watching
her wild imagination at work when she
lies down to sleep a new shadow appears
outside
while the first people were creeping
into everyone's house these figures look
like the type that nightmares are fueled
by the first people look like pure joy
in comparison these figures control
nightmares their eerie shadow and gaze
fall upon anyone that is affected by
their power as the night comes to a more
peaceful end one final being appears
this being carries a sword of silent
terror with him
what is that i take back what i said i
can't take that seriously this hilarious
ink monster makes his way into emma's
room and with the touch of a finger he
seems to pull her soul out of her body
if it wasn't for his nose this would be
a little terrifying suddenly allo comes
bursting through her bedroom window and
proceeds to fight the bee this jump
scare was the last thing i was ever
expecting but it definitely pulled me
back in
after a surprisingly epic fight scene
inc makes off with emma to another world
as they venture through we catch a
glimpse of what he sees
next thing you know we're in a forest
with a man named jacob who has tape over
his eyes this man is supposed to help us
find emma and bring her back
you're the one that got your ass kicked
this brand of dialogue is so refreshing
in an otherwise creepily serious film as
ink pulls emma into another line of
reality she ends up hurting her foot in
a moment of comfort it kneels down and
helps her before taking her farther once
they go down into the sewers a door
appears that takes him to a void room
with screens hanging at the end of the
room is one of those nightmare creating
creatures from before i need help
as he approaches it he speaks for the
first time for some reason hearing this
nightmare creator speak just makes them
even more unsettling we got back over to
john who is handling more business as a
man comes into his office the man
explains that someone dear to john is in
the hospital and could die he mentions
that emma needs john this is probably
one of the most abrupt story jumps ever
but it definitely propels the story
we also hear this weird voice play from
some void space that we can only assume
is his conscience it's moments like this
one that make me feel like this movie is
way too serious to be having a child
snatcher with the face of a hobgoblin
after a quick flashback of jon's rise to
power we begin to understand why he
isn't in emma's life anymore it also
makes me understand that this film is
gonna be taking a lot of liberties with
the timeline seeing how about 20 minutes
ago he was playing with emma this
flashback shows the death of his wife
and the court taking custody of emma
from him john's demeanor all of a sudden
makes a lot more sense now we're back
with alan and jacob who are joined with
two other protectors in a shiny field
after allo plays her drum the four of
them are transported to the hospital
that emma was admitted to once jacob
listens to some details about the scene
he realizes that something isn't right
and asks where her parents are as ink
drags emma towards their destination he
notices a presence behind them he pushes
emma aside and attacks the assailant
alone needs to take lessons from this
woman emma never would have been
kidnapped the two of them continue
fighting until she rips the hood off of
ink's head unveiling the creature for
what he is
a hobgoblin that's what he is the music
here is all soft and sad but the music
alone is not enough to make me forget
that nose after ink pulls his hood back
on he activates a device on his arm
which is apparently a trigger to an
explosive pill he gave emma earlier so
the woman tries to barter her life for
emma's which inc almost does but once he
comes face to face with her he can do it
after john takes part in a business
meeting he's transported back to his
childhood where we're shown that he came
from nothing then we jump to his mother
paying with food stamps i can't imagine
that that is the most embarrassing
moment in his childhood but that's what
his subconscious pulled out i'm more
concerned about where his physical body
really is right now
well this movie just took a turn but of
course we have to wait for answers on
that we've jumped to alo and her group
walking down the street again alan and
her group pull out an ancient device
that they refer to as the big guns and
then they spot john walk out of his
office building as they observe him we
only find out now that the nightmare
creators are called incubus and we only
know that because of course one is
shadowing jon now we cut over to ink who
still has emma but now he has the woman
in chains too as emma talks to the woman
we begin to uncover that the two have a
stronger connection than anyone
anticipating the three of them come to
an old factory where someone or
something sends ink flying turns out
it's just a sniffling weasel of a man
who's in charge of guarding the codes to
a place called the assembly inc is
delivering emma to the assembly in
exchange for becoming an incubus
this world makes no sense were those
marble beans also why is it always a
little rat of a man that's in charge of
the biggest things in the universe and
they've always got to be a hoarder too
once he gets his eyes on the woman in
chains his whole facial expression
changes as though he's seen something of
great value he refers to her as the
storyteller we now cut over to owl and
jacob who are looking for a link to a
chain reaction and it's here that we see
jon come out of his building with the
box from the beginning
there's the thing now explain more i
feel like we've come full circle yet
nothing has been solved at all you mean
the last hour has only been used to
explain the first two minutes of the
movie fair enough after allo reaches him
she touches his forehead it's her she's
the one from the beginning aloe gives
john flashback dreams of when he met his
wife we quickly cut to ink and his
captives who are now concerned as to why
this storyteller wants emma after his
hood falls off again the storyteller
asks him how he got his scars
this is a very touching and deep moment
why couldn't they have given him a
different nose i want to feel sympathy
and get caught up in the moment but that
darn nose is so protruding i mean
distracting that i can't remember if
this is a serious film or not we find
out that the assembly promised to remove
his scars and his pain so long as ink
agreed to bring emma to them emma is his
golden ticket to a pain-free existence
after a long walk they come to a door
under a bridge and once they enter they
see a greenhouse with a woman named
sadie there to greet them although it
feels a little late to be introducing
substantial side characters this is an
ingenious addition she's just creepy as
ink speaks with sadie the storyteller
explains to emma that most people
they've met are all dead yet some refuse
to become good or evil souls ala and
jacob are riding in an ambulance with
jon who is obviously in critical
condition while he's under he has a
flashback dream of his wife in the same
situation
this film really hits you hard sometimes
the deeper message behind the cool
effects is so overpowering sometimes
that you forget that this isn't a big
budget film if there's anything to be
said for this movie it's that the acting
by everyone is phenomenal i hope they
all went forward to do bigger things now
that inc has the codes needed to gain
access to the assembly he begins to
question his actions even more morality
battle at its finest he doesn't wait
until the end to change his mind the
fact that he's actually struggling with
this throughout yet keeps pushing
forward shows that his character is so
well developed that we don't question
why
again i just praise how good this film
is at handling serious conflicts then
the incubus pop up with little baby
hands-on sticks what is going on while
john is still having flashback dreams
they're no longer just meeting his wife
now his daughter emma has come into the
picture as he comes to in the hospital
he starts to re-evaluate his life this
doesn't mean everything else is calm on
the other side of realms allele and her
crew are encountered by a group of
incubus that are coming for jon now if
that isn't one of the most sinister
entrances then i don't know what is as
john walks around the hospital like a
zombie completely oblivious to what's
going on in the other realm alo's
partners and jacob buy them as much time
as possible as jon approaches emma's
body the incubus are taking emma and the
storyteller to their
master like you
if emma asking that doesn't pull at your
heartstrings then you're already an
incubus as the leading cubas approaches
them he stabs the storyteller in the
stomach yet another abrupt change in
pace he tells ink that he will get
exactly what he came for as he prepares
to sacrifice emma the storyteller gazing
that last spark of hope and ink has a
change of heart
[Music]
honestly if you didn't see that coming
then i'm so sorry but the process of
having someone's future actions impact
your present actions to help save
yourself was ingenious does it make
logical sense definitely not but i'm
here to be entertained and feel
something leave me be hold on though you
mean to tell me that the storyteller
knew who he was the whole time why
couldn't she just tell him before we
don't always need to have the characters
have a personal revelation sometimes you
can just walk them through it
[Music]
well that's the final connection we
needed very well done as emma realizes
her father's face and ink she embraces
him and her soul returns to her body
where her father's real body is waiting
for her to return and we assume they
live happily ever after this is yet
another film that was surprisingly well
done that never got shown the light of
day hopefully this film can get a little
cult following now that it's been out
for 12 years but even if only a few
people find it that'll still be a win i
absolutely enjoyed it even when it
seemed to be more silly than serious but
in the end it pulled through better than
i expected i hope you enjoyed the video
and by all means watch the film for
yourself there's something there for
everyone if you did like it leave a like
on the video and suggest what i should
watch next subscribe if you want to see
more videos like this one and i'll see
you in the next video